Clarify --resource-type vs test_type selector across dbt Core and Fusion (#9031)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/data-tests.md

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Running only data tests
To run data tests while excluding unit tests, use the `test_type` selector &mdash; this works across all engines (<Constant name="core"/> and <Constant name="fusion"/>):

```bash
dbt test --select "test_type:data"
```

> In <Constant name="core" /> (v1.9+), you can also use `dbt test --resource-type test`. For more options, see [test selection examples](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In <Constant name="core" /> (v1.9+), you can also use `dbt test --resource-type test`. For more options, refer to [test selection examples](/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples).
```
